Dear resident of planet Earth,

The purpose of this letter is to encourage you to meditate on:
love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, generosity, faithfulness, gentleness and self-control.

The following is a message to you from disciples and followers of Jesus Christ who worship God in Spirit and in Truth.
Please, be willing to listen to it.
It has been composed with hope that it will make clearer the view on the current situation of global affairs.
To love one's neighbor has been commanded by God Almighty and Merciful
        through The Lord, Jesus Christ - who is The Truth, The Way, The Life, The Light in The Darkness, The Gate to The Kingdom of Love,
It has also been commanded by God to listen to Jesus Christ in whom God Almighty is Well Pleased.

First and foremost, please, immediately, stop any violent invasion of any space where you are not welcome yet
                                                and return your forces back to your territory to serve the interest of your people.
In case you have done wrong, please, be willing to repent and to make up for the damage that has been done by your actions.
			The sooner bloody violence is abandoned the lesser the damage cause by it to the population of world.
			The rebuilding what has been damaged should start with the renewal of the mind and the heart
			         - to be shaped after our Only Master - Jesus Christ - who was gentle and humble at heart
												   and was seeking God's will with His mind, worshiping God in Spirit and Truth.

			Please, never hesitate to ask for help - to love is to understand that help can be asked for.
				We all are gifted with talents we are called to serve others with our abilities
				    Humans cannot always be self-sufficient in face of unpleasant and difficult situation.

		Looking around, witnessing blinding and fierce competition, may be discouraging.
		All the destruction caused by the past wars - still echos nowadays.
		Nations are remembering wars and genocides yet are they preaching the word of Truth and Love?
		Are we giving Glory to God to whom it belongs?

Obviously, it is not going to be easy, turning back from the path of distraction (on which are those who are not gathering in the name of The Truth - Jesus Christ).
It is not easy to turn away from the path of war after participating in it or initiating it.
War is falsely meant to make nations richer and more powerful. Let's remember, our enemy is any spirit that is not Holy - not a human being who is often unaware.
Many had become ashamed to love Jesus, to love God, to love brothers and sisters in Christ
- as if it was a sign of weakness to love one's neighbor or ask for help or express love for Jesus.

REV 3 19: 'Those whom I love, I reprove and discipline; therefore be zealous and repent.'

What is love?
It has been written by the Spirit of Truth that God is Love.

Why is Love not being advertised while weapons are being produces and sold?
Many nations were fooled to think that other nations are enemies - while the enemy is invisible - because evil spirits are invisible to human eye.
The enemy is the accuser of brothers and sisters.
God wants us, tribes and nations of the earth, to prosper, and He gave us the The Holy Word - to help us through the times of darkness.
Let's not be deluded by riches of this world.

Many humans turned away from The Truth, from Jesus Christ,
    from the Way of Life in Truth that leads to eternal life in the kingdom of Love,
because of the schemes of the Evil to damage the reputation of Church of Jesus Christ
    and turn people away from the Holy Word of God: The Good News,

It was Jesus who was hated by the World because he testified that works of this world are evil.
    He was hated for no good reason. Hatred towards Jesus comes from misunderstanding of His Word and from evil spirits.

Yet His word survived, by the Grace of the God Almighty,
    despite the prosecutions and all the terrible things,
    that during the centuries were done by rulers of this world and later were attributed to His church.

Yet it was all prophesied in scripture by the Holy Spirit that many will be deceived; and is also described in the Vision of Revelation of Jesus Christ.
God Almighty and Merciful so loved the world that he sent His Only Begotten Son to bring us Good News, that there is life after death of the flesh.

That good news is that Jesus was resurrected and ascended into heavens and sins are remitted in His name.
This good news can be shared, what is more it has been proclaimed as The Truth.
Blessed are those who are not offended by Jesus Christ and His Good News.
That blessing is to be given to all those who repent, believe in Jesus Christ, become His disciples and remain faithful.
They who persevere will also receive the Holy Spirit of Truth.

Jesus Christ the Son of God Almighty was with God from the foundations of the world and witnessed the world being created.
He was sent to save us and to become a spring of living water,
    giving us the commands He was given by Generous God,
    giving us Eternal Word - The Word that will never pass nor become outdated.
JHN 4:14
"whoever drinks from the water that I will give him will never get thirsty again.
In fact, the water I will give him will become a well of water springing up in him for eternal life."

Let's look at the world
- so many areas can be reevaluated, restructured and rebuilt
- there is enough food produced in the world to feed everyone
	- yet we are throwing one third (1/3) of it away - greedily
	- Is it because it seems better than to share it with someone we don't consider our friend?
	- and in this manner we are not helping those in need, indeed, creating division where a bridge could have been built.
God says:
EXO 23 11: but during the seventh year let the land lie unplowed and unused.
Then the poor among your people may get food from it, and the wild animals may eat what they leave.
Do the same with your vineyard and your olive grove.

Many societies of the world - even though rich, and highly educated - are blind.
	The rich are not helping others
	and as a result they are not helping themselves by ignoring those who are needy
	and by refusing possible cooperation which requires trust.

Often, development works of all kind,
whether it is construction of buildings,
living areas or technology products
are not given enough thought,
    since the focus of those ventures is primarily on profit - financial gain
    - and not on building things that will last for generations.

Therefore, cities are flooded with pollution: not only the fumes but noise too.

Floods and other natural disaster are causing a lot of damage
    because simple fact that trees help hold water in the soil is not taken into account.

This is simply because to take into account the opinion of experts from all fields
takes time and also leads to increasing cost of investment which are usually profit-centered and not quality-centered.

Investors and businesses are not willing to share profit equally with all parts of society,
    digging graves for future generations and investments themselves.

The answer to that is simple: we should all live by the word of God
    - it is He, The God Almighty who gives the increase.

Also sharing knowledge and developing ideas is difficult in this human world,
    because it protects the rights to inventions for various reasons:
- one being the fact that nations and organizations are in competition or conflict with each other.
There is a sense of lack of trust between organizations.
Do we trust that after helping others they will not leave us behind helpless?
Helping others does not have mean having less.
Why do humans prefer luxuries then helping those who are poorer?
Simply, because humans are short-sighted - they do not care for generations to come,
    that's why they need to become children of God Almighty who reigns over the ages.

Here's an encouragement to those who lead, those who are strong:
Have courage to believe in The Truth - Jesus Christ, and remain in His Word and in His Peace he gave to his disciples.
Become studentd of the word of God and give good example to others.

The benefit coming from inventions is not shared with whole civilization.
Ideas are often kept secret to bring profit.
This results in creation of lobbies (groups of people seeking to influence legislators on particular issues)
this suffocates development,
equal rights,
and leads to absurd laws like introducing restrictions on size and shape of fruits and vegetables,
not taking into account the fact that particular weather conditions may influence those parameters
yet it does not change the nutritional value of the product.

What is more, people are made to believe absurd things
about shapes and skin-colors of fruit (skin is meant to protect the fruit)
which leads to manufacturing plants that look nice and can be stored for longer on the shelf,
    regardless of the chemical composition and nutritional value.

Humans are sometimes more concerned with trivial things
and than they become more important than the truth that is being hidden
for the sake of profit and outward appearance.

Because forgiveness is not being practiced,
and competing parties are happy with the downfall of their opponents,
and humans rather keep silent
	to not undermine someone else's undertaking and reputation
		by letting the truth about questionable practices out.
	Also for fear of being prosecuted by those who make profit in dirty ways.
		Let's remember, that it is the evil spirit, who is afraid and does not believe in forgiveness.
			Therefore only after the whole human race receives Jesus Christ and The Truth will there be opportunity to fix those issues.

As a result of evil works, the mind of human collective is emaciated.
Humans feel endangered, thinking they need to fight for survival,
they do not benefit fully from possible cooperatives.

They become insensitive to others and in return to themselves,
to strangers and to loved ones.
Because the eternal law says:
You will love your neighbor as you love yourself.
You cannot disregard your neighbor without disregarding yourself and your loved ones.
Sooner or later consequences will backfire.
The God who created this world shows no partiality because he loves all,
because He is Love; and He hates sin because He is perfect and wants us to be perfect.
And sin leads His creation towards death.

If humans disrespect The Law and The Truth that He has created this world with,
    it is equal to disrespecting the Love that God is.

Let's put on the armor of faith and God's love
and let's start thinking in the truly sustainable way
by making Jesus Christ the head of all governments, nations, tribes and families.
This is: making His Words the Root of all human endeavors.

God's command regarding Jesus Christ is astonishingly simple:
"This is my Son beloved in whom I am well pleased. Listen to Him"

Jesus came to baptize humans with the Holy Spirit.
His words are living water and bread of eternal life.
His words transform into child of God - that is why they offend humans.

All humans have to do is to listen to words of Jesus Christ,
as if their life depended on it,
start learning them by heart,
and remaining in them.

Let's make the Word of Jesus Christ the hottest topic ever and forever.
In New Heavenly Jerusalem that comes down from God, Jesus Christ is the Lamp and God Almighty in the temple.
Let's make Jesus the Lamp of The Earth too.

God did make it simple: Just listen.
And Jesus completes it by saying:
if you truly are my disciples you will remain in my word.

His words are beautiful and simple:
both adults and children can understand it.
There is no lie and no deceit in them.

Jesus was without sin,
the blameless lamb of God,
The embodiment of God Who is Love.
His Word, the word of the Holy Spirit was written down by His disciples
	under influence of The Holy Spirit of Truth after Jesus ascended into Heaven,
	and sent The Comforting and Helping spirit.
He was not concerned with writing it down Himself,
    he knew that Holy Spirit will guide His disciples,
    because God Almighty who reigns over the ages told Him that it would happen.

We have four written accounts of His ministry
and no fault can be found in them, even after in-depth study.
Those four accounts may differ in some details, because they present the Truth from different viewpoints.
Yet they do not contradict each other.

We have revelation of Jesus Christ which summarizes the whole Scripture
and delivers the confirmation that indeed:
Jesus sits at the right hand (side) of The One Who Created The Universe
and will come, only God knows when, to judge the living and the dead.
Righteous will rise to eternal life and unrighteous for judgment.
JOH 5 24: "I tell you the truth, whoever hears my word and believes Him who sent me has eternal life and will not be condemned; he has crossed over from death to life.

All His words are timeless,
they are the Truth, the Law of Love and Mercy,
pattern that describes life on earth and in universe,
    and life in eternity after resurrection.

The practical implementation of the change
towards The Truth is therefore as simple as
"Listen to Jesus Christ, the beloved son of God Almighty, in Whom He is well pleased".

Remember what Jesus said to His disciples: be wise as snakes and as innocent as doves.

As humans we are wolves to each other,
yet as Children of God we are friends,
brothers, sisters and mothers who feed each other with Good News.

Jesus said: “I am sending you out like sheep among wolves.
Therefore be as shrewd as snakes and as innocent as doves."

Let's be aware of His Word and be honest and gentle to one another on the way to God Almighty and Merciful.

Remember as children of God we are no longer wolves to each other:
If we help someone from another tribe
we are helping the whole kingdom by giving a good example
of leaving behind human ways and doing God's will.

It will not be easy to succeed in achieving the ideal of Jesus Christ,
yet remember that He had patience with his disciples,
and stayed faithful until the end,
until his martyr's death on the cross,
and before dying He forgave those who persecuted Him.
(for they knew not what they were doing - killing the only begotten son of God)

Also, one account says that Jesus said on the cross:
“My God, my God, why have you forsaken me?”.
Which can indicate that he did for a moment before dying
thought that God had abandoned Him,
and let Him who was blameless die the miserable death of a sinner.
That is confirming that He was here in human flesh
and suffered like a human being,
before He was resurrected and ascended into Heavens.

God did let Him suffer and did let him doubt,
yet Jesus never failed in His ministry
fulfilling all the prophecies about the Messiah,
and fulfilling God's Law with Love and Mercy.

He truly was the Son Of God, who faithfully served the Almighty by doing God's will.
and He passed His teachings to those he chose as His disciples.

It was difficult for His disciples to comprehend His teachings,
and it wasn't until after His ascension into heavens
that The Holy Spirit was sent to fill His disciples.
Jesus, who was the Blameless lamb,
who came to baptize us with fire and the Holy Spirit,
did have hard times here on earth
and not many people at the time of His ministry could even listen to His teachings.

At one occasion he expressed this saying:
“You unbelieving and perverse generation, how long shall I stay with you? How long shall I put up with you?"

Every word that He said is the most precious gem; like He who is One with God is:
 The Lord said through Holy Spirit:
 “See, I lay a stone in Zion, a tested stone, a precious cornerstone for a sure foundation;
 the one who relies on it will never hurry nor worry."
(ISA 28 16)

Let's us all, who follow Jesus Christ remember,
that we should not be ignorant like we are when we hurry to meet the demands of this world.
Many humans are in constant hurry and struggle to complete the received tasks.
The demands of this world make us hurry because humans do not cooperate and are wolves to each other.
Humans were taught to expect rewards for being fitter, running faster, being smarter.
This thinking is far from a truly intelligent way of being.
Disciples of Jesus are to remain in the Peace He gave us.

One may run, of course, if one likes running, yet why not remain in peace and sober-minded while running.
There are better things than runners high.
It has been reported that in the ancient times, wars were being stopped during the Olympics.
Could this be the indicator that civilization has not moved forward despite the technological achievements.

As long as the word of God who is Holy, who is Love, is not respected and loved,
    humans will remain humans and wolves to each other.

Because when the King of Kings returns everyone will be serving God who loves all His children.
So, truly, Jesus Christ is The Living Water, and The Bread of Eternal Life.
Truly Jesus Christ is The Son Of the Living God and is One with Him who created the universe.
Jesus Christ is The Truth, The Way, The Life: He is The True Way of Life.

Let's not be ashamed of Jesus Christ being our Savior, The Only Master and Teacher.
Let's not be ashamed to preach the word anywhere we go and do good deeds that glorify God.
Let's not attribute wonderful inventions of technology to humans who do good things by God's Grace.
Let's remind each other that The Power, The Glory, and The Kingdom belongs To God Almighty who has His throne in heavens, and Earth is His footstool.
Let's always give thanks in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ to God Almighty who is our Ideal, as Holy Spirit recommends through Paul, the Apostle.

Unless humans follow the only master and teacher: Jesus Christ,
    they will remain in their blindness and keep on warring with each other
    to their own and their children's detriment.
Because the wrath of God remains to 3rd and 4th generations on those who hate Him.

Yet his love lasts a thousand generations.
As it is written in the scripture:
Know therefore that the LORD your God is God; he is the faithful God, keeping his covenant of love to a thousand generations of those who love him and keep his commandments.
But those who hate Him He will repay to their face by destruction;
he will not be slow to repay to their face those who hate him.
(DEU 7)
“The LORD, the compassionate and gracious God, slow to anger, abounding in love and faithfulness,
maintaining love to thousands, and forgiving wickedness, rebellion and sin.
Yet he does not leave the guilty unpunished;
he punishes the children and their children for the sin of the parents to the third and fourth generation.”

Considering the above, to disregard the Word of God it is ignorant of every parent who cares for ones children.

So let's encourage each other to be faithful to God,
    so that humans can be healed of their blindness by becoming God's children.
It will be for the benefit of the whole human race
    who currently is fighting because it cannot properly manage the resources that are available.

Once the resources to sustain comfortable living are running low,
    humans start looking for dirty ways to earn and continue being wolves to each other,
    while others keep luxuries to themselves.

The reason of this blindness is the lack of the Word of God in our daily life.
Blessed are those who are not offended by Jesus Christ who is The Word of Living God.
Nations and societies where the Word Of Living God, Jesus Christ
    is not the beginning and the end of every important meeting are not receiving free blessings.
When there is no time for the Word Of God there is no time for Love.

Blessed are those who are not offended by Jesus Christ: The Word of God.
Reading the words of Jesus can be compared to undergoing refinement in God's Fire.
His Word is the Sword of The Spirit which cleanses by cutting out what was planted by evil spirits.

Being children of God who is Perfect and followers of Christ
    we are all called to be ideal,
    like our heavenly father is ideal.

Currently the world of business is suffering because of
    countless and absurd laws that were imposed long ago and are often outdated and rarely updated.
It suffers because of pressures to perform well among competing parties.

Because the whole planet is competing for resources to survive,
those who manage organizations have to deal with pressure:
pressure of making decisions for the whole collective of the company,
pressure of making decisions how to distribute resources,
pressure to please the investors who await profitable actions
	and clients who await the best possible service.
Making mistake may possibly result in giving advantage to competition.
Thinking under such high pressure makes people unable to think clearly.
Many laws that are imposed by governments are quickly becoming obsolete considering rapidly progressing changes.

Workers who could help with their expertise
are either
in rebellious groups protesting against huge corporations,
or
somewhere below the top of the ladder,
and never hear about decisions being made on the top,
and even if they were given a chance,
giving good ideas where bright people are favored and pushed upwards in the hierarchy
may be perceived as dangerous by those who have worked hard to get higher
	and are not always eager to bring to the table ideas of those
		who are lower because that could mean there is someone better for their position.
That was just one example how profit-centered organizations
    who favor those who brought more profit in the past as more valuable workers
    are not able to perform well in all kinds of scenarios.

The approach that would be in accordance with
    teachings of Jesus Christ is that
good ideas are not inventions of humans,
but the results of collective work of the body of Christ and a Gift From God Generous and Almighty who loves all His children.

Only God is Good, Jesus teaches, therefore all that is good comes from Him who loves all His children and shows no favoritism.
Holy Spirit writes:
JAM 1 17: Every good and perfect gift is from above, coming down from the Father of lights, who does not change like shifting shadows.
JAM 3:
13 Who is wise and understanding among you? Let him show it by his good life, by deeds done in the humility that comes from wisdom.
14 But if you harbor bitter envy and selfish ambition in your hearts, do not boast about it or deny the truth.
15 Such "wisdom" does not come down from heaven but is earthly, nonspiritual, of the devil.
16 For where you have envy and selfish ambition, there you find disorder and every evil practice.
17 But the wisdom that comes from heaven is first of all pure; then peace-loving, considerate, submissive, full of mercy and good fruit, impartial and sincere.
18 Peacemakers who sow in peace raise a harvest of righteousness.

Therefore, humans, forgetting about God,
    because of the schemes of the evil one,
    think that it is their own achievements that pull development of civilization forward.
That is not true: it is God who gives all that is good,
    and without His presence,
    without praise given to Him and His son Jesus Christ,
    even the brightest inventions cannot be properly applied to benefit the whole society on earth.

Obviously, it is hard to blame anyone in particular for the situation.
It is has happened before, more than 2000 years ago.
God has already showed us what happens to humans
    when they are subject to harsh regulations of Law
    without fulfillment through Love and Mercy that came with our lord Jesus Christ, who is The Truth.

The history of nation chosen by God is well documented in Old Testament.
The only thing that can save the world in its entangled condition is Jesus Christ:
    The Truth, Love and Mercy.
We should not blame nor judge anyone for the current state of world affairs
    because there would be not end to it.
There is another way, the only way:
    If we all accept Jesus as The True Way of Life,
    the abundance of Love will flow,
    and humans will become children of God, and friends in Truth and Love.

Let's trust in Jesus and The Holy Spirit will help us sort everything out
    and bring order into the chaotic scene of world affairs.
Everything is possible with God Almighty, Merciful, Ideal and Generous.
Let's encourage ourselves to love Jesus Christ.

Currently there are many lies circulating in the air:
    one lie is that if you do not practice the profession you were trained to do you will drop out and become useless.
    That is lie, possibly started when people were seduced by evil spirits
        to use their talents to serve money and bring profit to rulers of the earth

Another lie is that you cannot learn anything new once you reach certain age.
For God nothing is impossible.
Yet for humans under influence of fear and greed
    not much is possible except to copy the behavior of previous generations and other people.
Unless humanity attains the Godly level of peace:
	the peace of Jesus Christ:
		it will be bringing doom upon itself.

Another reason why some may be offended by Jesus Christ
	and steer away from God's Grace is that life in Holiness requires
		prayer and many humans do not know how to pray in joy and peace.
		Jesus said to pray behind the closed door of our room,
			which might indicate that prayer is an intimate thing between believer and God.
			No one can tell you what is the right way to pray better than Jesus Christ.
			Also, you are not to criticize the way other pray behind closed door.

Knowledge of the Word of God is helpful to be in readiness to receive the Holy Spirit.
There are mentions of it in the holy scripture: for example: when Mother of Jesus was about to conceive through the Holy Spirit.
LUK 1:35 “The Holy Spirit will come upon you, and the power of the Most High will overshadow you.
Therefore, the holy one to be born will be called the Son of God."

Following Jesus can be painful since every follower of Him
    is to be born of water and spirit,
    born to be a child of God
    and baptized with fire and Holy Spirit.

Followers of Jesus live their life
    centered around the Only Master and Teacher: Jesus,
    and important part of His live
    was carrying the cross, and all sins of the world,
    to the hill called Place of the Skull.

Those sufferings and pains, however, are rewarded
    with full joy and peace of Christ:
Jesus while carrying the cross, after being flogged with a whip,
    he was still able to correct crying women that it is not He they should be crying for.

LuK 23:27
A large crowd followed Jesus. Some of the women were sad and crying.
They felt sorry for him. But Jesus turned and said to the women,
“Women of Jerusalem, don’t cry for me. Cry for yourselves and for your children too.
The time is coming when people will say,
‘The women who cannot have babies are the ones God has blessed.
It’s really a blessing that they have no children to care for.’
Then the people will say to the mountains,
‘Fall on us!’ They will say to the hills, ‘Cover us!’
If this can happen to someone who is good,
what will happen to those who are guilty?”

However, thanks to God Almighty,
we always have an opportunity to become loved and loving residents of Planet Earth
and gain Eternal Life in The Kingdom of God.
We all shall be turning our paths and ours nations' paths towards the light - The Light that is Jesus Christ -
	//we shall not go back into the darkness also taking the rest of the world for a terrible ride,
	//and causing distraction from good work of sharing good news.
ISA 9:6
For unto us a child is born, unto us a son is given:
and the government shall be upon his shoulder:
and his name shall be called Wonderful, Counselor,
The mighty One, The everlasting Head and Founder, The Prince of Peace.

Jesus Christ, our Lord, said he has come to bring not peace but a sword and division.
How is it then that he is prophesied to be The Prince of Peace?
He brought us sword, the double edged sword that came from His mouth,
The Eternal Word, The Final Judgment, The Word of God, the Sword of The Holy Spirit.

So that we can and should fight with this sword for peace
by giving account of God's glory and being true witnesses.

He forbids to fight with weapons that are made by men,
He wants us to die for Him and be born of water and spirit for eternal life.
And then fight for salvation with His sword: The Holy Sword.

He wants us to die for this world,
    to want nothing here except to be followers of The One True Blameless Witness,
    who Fights righteously.
And once we seek the righteousness of the Kingdom of God,
    then and all we need will be given to us.

Life on earth can be good for everyone
- and it will be - when everyone lives in The Truth
- that is Jesus Christ and listens to His Word, remains in in and lives by it.

He brought division so that we all have our spaces here on earth,
    so that we do not fight against each other pointlessly killing for gain or out of fear.
Your room is your place of prayer,
Your body is a temple for the Holy Spirit,
- they should not be invaded.

With the Sword of Jesus Christ we fight for salvation of Humans.
Because God is patient and wants all to repent and to be saved.
Let's stop blaming others: stop blaming other religions, stop blaming other tribes and nations.
Jesus came not to condemn the world but to save it.
He rebuked those who tried to stop Him from serving God.
Let's start loving by reading and listening to Word Of God, sharing Good News, and praising God.

EPH 5 19: Speak to one another with psalms, hymns and spiritual songs. Sing and make music in your heart to the Lord,
COL 3 16: Let the word of Christ dwell in you richly as you teach and admonish one another with all wisdom,
 and as you sing psalms, hymns and spiritual songs with gratitude in your hearts to God.

9 Do not lie to each other, since you have taken off your old self with its practices
10 and have put on the new self, which is being renewed in knowledge in the image of its Creator.
11 Here there is no Greek or Jew, circumcised or uncircumcised, barbarian, Scythian, slave or free, but Christ is all, and is in all.
12 Therefore, as God's chosen people, holy and dearly loved, clothe yourselves with compassion, kindness, humility, gentleness and patience.
13 Bear with each other and forgive whatever grievances you may have against one another. Forgive as the Lord forgave you.
14 And over all these virtues put on love, which binds them all together in perfect unity.
15 Let the peace of Christ rule in your hearts, since as members of one body you were called to peace. And be thankful.


We can rebuke each other, in the name of Our Lord who was humble at heart and gentle,
    as we should do everything in the name of our lord Jesus Christ.
If we decide to rebuke someone - we should be kind and loving, gentle and humble.
To rebuke is an act of trust and love for someone,
yet one should not expect to receive praise for it, the glory belongs to God.
Rebuking someone may help them see something they have not been conscious of.
First we should rebuke in private, face to face - to save someone public shame.
We must remember that we are commanded to forgive and love and live in truth.
The one rebuked can show sincere signs of gratitude for being rebuked sooner or later.
There are more reasons for gratitude than for shame for being rebuked in the name of the Lord: with precision, in humble heart and gentleness.
If someone does not repent then the one who rebukes
    should take another brother or sister (and mother in good news)
    and rebuke one more time with one additional witness.

If that does not help, one is allowed to inform the Church
    and pray for the sinner who is not willing to repent.
We should be loving and remember that Jesus said to forgive seventy times seven times (God's mercy is infinite).
Be as persevering in loving your brothers and sisters as you can.
Because great is the joy in the Kingdom Of God from one sinner who repents, greater than from ninety-nine who are righteous.

We have been divided into many nations, religions and churches.
Still, we all want to live in truth and in peace.

I encourage you to read the Gospel of Jesus Christ, The Good News about Kingdom of Heaven.
I encourage you to be patient and not give up even though it might be painful
	- because to follow Jesus is to die for this world, and be born for Eternal Life.
	       Which in earthly terms is more than a hundred years in good health;
								 yet in God's terms it's eternity (for those who believe)
I encourage you to persevere even if you feel offended - be aware -
	it is the influence of the evil spirits that roam the world like a roaring like to bring damnation upon human souls.
	If you are offended by the Word of Jesus Christ it maybe evil spirit trying to pull you away from path to salvation.
I encourage you to study Good News Of Jesus Christ because it is the foundation we should be building the world upon.


The God that sent Jesus Christ is
Almighty - nothing is impossible for Him -
He cannot be comprehended by the Human mind -
yet he can be Loved and understood by His Children by the grace of The Holy Spirit,
	which we are all called to become by following His Son and listening to His Word.
The God who sent Jesus Christ is
    Holy, Perfect and Ideal - there is no fault in Him.
He is Righteous and His righteousness was fulfilled with Mercy - He's merciful and willing to forgive.
He is slow to anger.
He is Jealous - because He is Good, and Only He is Good,
	He knows he is the only one who can give you eternal life in complete joy, peace and abundance.
We are all called to be Priests and Kings in His Kingdom
- we are to be brothers of His Son To whom all power was given and who is The King of Kings.

Jesus Christ is the way for all of us to become Kings
- who care for each other
- who are brothers, sisters and mothers who feed each other with Good News.
Good news is that our Lord Jesus Christ was resurrected
and ascended into Heavens where were are all invited
    and we are forgiven sins in His name.
And he will come again victorious to judge the living and the dead according to their deeds.

EPH 4 31: Let all bitterness, anger and wrath, shouting and slander be removed from you, along with all malice.
EPH 5 6: Let no one deceive you with empty arguments, for God’s wrath is coming on the disobedient because of these things.
COL 3
5 Therefore, put to death what belongs to your earthly nature: sexual immorality, impurity, lust, evil desire, and greed, which is idolatry.
6: Because of these, God’s wrath is coming upon the disobedient,


Whether we like it or not - we are all living on this planet together by God's plan
- plan that cannot be comprehended by human mind
- wouldn't it be wise to learn to respect each other despite differences.

(Don't we all deserve to live in truth?
even though we live Life on different paths - one is the Way Of Life - The Truth; and lie leads to death and suffering)
Why do Humans lie? Because humans are afraid, cannot rebuke, and find it hard to forgive.
That's why we are all encouraged to become God's Children

Respect is something past generations have repeatedly failed to understand.
- respect cannot be properly expressed with anxiety and fear which causes and is caused by lack of trust in truth, mercy and forgiveness.

Deep within our souls we all want to live in peace, abundance and joy
    - the only way to it is Love, Forgiveness and Truth.
So how do we fight for it?
By following The Truth, The Way of Love and Mercy
	- which was proclaimed and is revealed to those who listen and remain in the Word of Jesus Christ.
It is God's plan to bend every knee before the Lord Jesus Christ.
We will all cry when He comes again - let it be cry of joy for all of us; not cry because of coming judgment.
Jesus said that it is a sin not to believe in Him, who is The Truth
    - because he is God's Lamb who gave His life for us so that we who believe in Him may never perish.

Some might think or say that humans love to war and it is inborn in their nature.
Jesus responds to that too, only with Love and Mercy - he gives us His Word to fight with for each other's salvation.
Humans have rejected The Double-Edged Sword of Jesus Christ
	and continued to fight with man-made weapons - bringing God's wrath on their tribes and nations.
There are many places where the Peace of Jesus Christ have not yet be brought
	- yet Nations are fighting for domination and power.
How does fighting with Sword of Jesus Christ differ from fighting in a human way?
When you fight with the sword of Truth you should be loving, precise, gentle and watchful (alert).

You do not fight to kill another human being but to show them The Greatness of God Almighty who is Love.
You fight with good deeds and serve with the help of the spirit of Truth, who is Helping and Comforting Spirit.
You share the Truth you've learned.
You notice your mistakes.
You are aware that evil spirit can tempt even those who work under influence of Holy Spirit;
    thus Jesus told us to pray to God to 'lead us not into temptation and deliver us from evil'.
Jesus used words from The Scripture to defend from the attacks of the Devil.
You share good news in the Holy Spirit with help of God's servants: angels and saints - who are in the Army of God.
You remember that only God is Good,
	and provides you with good things in your life,
	so you express your love for God, giving glory to Him.
You are willing to die for Jesus Christ,
	so that others are saved - it may not easy - yet this is the mindset of Jesus Christ.
	Thank God, that many disciples of Christ have already sacrificed their flesh in this way
	   - and we have the word written through them by the holy spirit of truth.
		- and we may not have to - yet it is important to remember that dying for Jesus Christ is not left without eternal reward.
Evil spirits, which followers of Jesus are fighting against,
	are doomed already, and they know it,
	their fear of eternal punishment is something they poisons minds of many, who refuse have God as their shield.
Through writings by Holy Spirit we know that when Jesus casts out evil spirits
	out of possessed man they may want to enter another life-beings and push them towards self-annihilation.

As a child of God, please remember,
	that you should not exclude those who are willing to repent and believe in the Gospel,
	you should not exclude those who do good deeds, and study the word of Christ.
If someone is not willing to repent,
or exhibits behavior not worthy of the child of God,
    rejecting The Truth who Jesus Christ is,
    spacial caution should be taken to remain the Peace Of Jesus Christ, as described in the Gospel,
        because it very possibly is the influence of the Holy Spirit.
    Holy Spirit confesses Jesus Christ as the Lord.

Also, remember, that Word of God, Word Of Holy Spirit, Word of Christ,
is eternal and holy (be sure to study different translations,
	and original scripts whenever you have doubt whether you understand the word by Holy Spirit - Comforting Spirit Of Truth).

For example: Jesus says we should not call others using word "fool":
MAT 5 22: But I tell you, everyone who is angry with his brother or sister will be subject to judgment.
Whoever insults his brother or sister, will be subject to the court. Whoever says, ‘You fool!’ will be subject to hellfire.

Then, in a letter to Corinthians, Paul, the apostle of Christ uses this word, adding however: "I don’t speak as the Lord would".
Also when he uses the word 'fool' in his letters, he is not directing towards any particular person.
Sometimes, one may wonder,
	whether all those letters were copied accurately during all the following ages.
	The Holy Spirit will guide the disciple in knowing The Truth.

It is important to remember that The Holy Spirit is the Spirit of Truth
	- it letters it express both Holy Joy and Human Emotions which are present in the mind of a human,
	   to give more insight how the path to Holiness looks like.

In addition to that, only Jesus Christ was without sin and Paul was a sinner who was killing followers of Christ.
His 'craziness' (as he calls it in his letters)
    may be the result of his complete devotion to the one who showed Him such great mercy,
    not only forgiving him his transgression,
    but also giving Him hope for eternal Life and making Him an apostle of Good News.

Studying the word of Jesus and His apostles with faith and complete devotion
    is not easy in the beginning of the way of the truth, and many of the past generations left offended and never came back,
    doubting that He is God's chosen one.
Yet (willingness to die for Jesus Christ) will shape your mind to be Christ-like
	and will clean your heart so you can see God's glory
	and receive it with joy under influence of the Holy Spirit
    	who receives God's glory together with God Almighty and Jesus Christ.

Once all beings on earth are willing to live and die for Jesus Christ
	it could be the beginning of the Thousand-Year kingdom, which is written about in revelation.

Because the Blood of the Blameless and Holy Jesus Christ was shed for atonement of all sins -
	no more blood needs to be shed anymore.
All that is necessary is to understand Word of God - which is spoken in parables
	- even Jesus asked question "how will you understand" those parables?
	- the answer is: through Holy Spirit of Truth by the Grace of God and Faith in Him who is the Truth.
Many of humans have already become children of God Merciful and Generous and know that Jesus is The Truth.

The rulers and leaders should be respected and loved too - not feared.
Our leaders should be Shepherds in the likeness of Jesus Christ - who cared for all who repented and believed in Good News.
Jesus was hated by those possessed by evil forces and those who did not wish well to others because they were blinded.
To love is to share Good News like Jesus did: for God nothing is impossible.
We are, all of us, called to be followers of Christ and to continue His Work,
and we all hope others make good use of their free will being pulled by God Merciful
	to love The Life and The Truth - which was revealed in Jesus.


Please, heed this call and encouragement for the whole planet to work together in a Wise, that is Christ-like and Peaceful manner.
Please, be convinced that if something is pulling you away from the Word Of Jesus it is not coming from God who is Good, Who is Love.
If you feel hatred towards Christ, please be willing to forgive and answer God's command to listen to Jesus Christ.
Jesus took all the sins, even human hatred and jealousy towards each other;
    isn't it why he is still hated by many humans, who oppressed by hatred can't forgive and even listen to Him.
Please if you hate Jesus Christ, be willing to study His word,
	and be assured that it is the teaching that even someone
    	who does not believe in Eternal Life can find wise and worthy of study.
    Many humans remember incorrect version of those words, which blinds them from seeing that God is Good, Almighty and Merciful.
Let's all start speaking the language of love and truth - the Good News.
Let's stop dedicating our time here on earth
	to fighting our brothers and sisters and seeking wicked ways of destruction
	to deal fatal blow to those who can be our friends in Truth.

God is calling us all become gentle and humble at heart,
	willing to forgive.
Revenge belongs to God who is Righteous and Merciful.
The Truth is that forgiveness heals.

It is not easy to change one's ways and to start loving those who still act wickedly against Life.
The reward for believing in Jesus Christ is eternal.

Remember that Jesus Christ is The Holy Name that should be on our mouths, in our hears, and in our minds.

Many things that are to be said about the current state of the world population will not be easy to hear.

Humans prefer to pursue luxurious lifestyles instead of cultivating what is truly sustainable.
	The only way to sustainable peace is the God's way of Love and Mercy - Jesus Christ - The Truth - it is the foundation that is stable.

The word Of Jesus Christ makes one clean,
And blessed are the pure at heart because they will see God's Glory and praise Him who is Worthy of Praise
             and is The King over Heaven and Earth.

Let the Word of Truth be be your foundation.
At first you may be ridiculed, insulted and prosecuted by others,
who are not yet on this path. Remember that God is your shield.
If you remain in His Word and be Faithful you will be
rewarded with eternal life and the Spirit of Truth, Power and Love will come upon you.

(2TI 1)
"
For God has not given us a spirit of fear, but one of power, love, and sound judgment.
So don’t be ashamed of the testimony about our Lord, or of me his prisoner. Instead, share in suffering for the gospel, relying on the power of God.
"

Also there are some ventures that deserve harsh criticism.
Why do so many follow fictional tales and fables that are fabricated to bring profit.
Considerable amount of resources are being used to spread lies and fables of this world instead the Word of Truth.
Plots about both human and non-human superheros are lies to distract from the way of the truth.
Jesus Christ brings value with Word that will never pass.
People are being fed scripted plays and movies while resources to produce it
	could have been used to spread good news about The Generous God who told us to share our wealth
	because the wealth of this world is to perish anyways.
	   It even seems that it would better to pay those involved in such productions
				    the same amount for not making it and instead reading one chapter of The Gospel.

The criticism of Fictional Stories movies - in which actors are paid to act in often immoral scenes which depict violence and nudity,
	for which whole artificial cities are constructed only to tell the story which was told many times before,
		seems a necessary bucket of ice cold water.
	This criticism may seem judgmental
		- for example because many people who are working hard need entertainment,
			distraction from heavy labor within competing organizations.
Yet all this is happening while nations are at war - how this could not be criticized?
	- since those movies, which are being played since the dawn of the cinema,
	does not seem to inspire anyone to share good news
	or help the poor and needy and those who are exploited in the race for wealth, exclusive luxury and domination.
The aim of this criticism is to pour an imaginary bucket of ice cold water on those heads who pursue this or similar direction.

What is your goal behind those productions?
	Why do you want to tell this story.
	Please publish a short documentary about your plans before you start production.
Also this is an another bucket of ice-cold water on heads of those who are on the receptive end of those ventures.
Just because humans are running away from Jesus Christ the forces of evil are producing worthless food for the blind.
Jesus Christ is the Bread of Eternal Life.
You may hate him if you have been away from Him, The Truth, for long
	- because he is sent from the God who is Good - and only God is Good.

So when you hate Jesus Christ who is the Life, The Truth and The Way -
	- it is the influence of the evil spirit that hates the Truth -
		and is making you hate Jesus so that it does not loose power over you,
		and keep you in chains of hatred.

That is why those who are spiritually blind will hate Jesus Christ
	and will not be very willing to repent of evil ways and praise God.
Do not let evil spirits blind you with worldly desires that pass away.
Coming to Jesus Christ and listening to His word will open your eyes to The Truth.
If you are a producer who earns selling fiction or an advertiser of worldly wealth
	you may be offended by this criticism.

Please do not close your mind and heart to Jesus Christ.
Please, be willing to study the word of Jesus Christ before you begin any venture.
Please, build on Jesus Christ and His Word.
Any piece of Fictional Art that is not pointing to Jesus Christ as The Truth, The Way and The Life
	is either a creation of someone uneducated in Eternal Truth
	or it is the work of evil spirit, false prophet, the Antichrist,
	   for who will watch it or read it after another 2000 years?

Once Jesus Christ is in Hearts and Minds of all Humans
	so that they become God's Children
		then Humanity can start to prosper in a way that everyone is included and loved.

Paul the Apostle writes to another disciple of Christ:
"
I solemnly charge you before God and Christ Jesus,
	who is going to judge the living and the dead,
	and because of his manifestation and his kingdom:
Preach the word; be ready in season and out of season;
correct, rebuke, and encourage with great patience and teaching.
For the time will come when people will not tolerate sound doctrine,
but according to their own desires,
will multiply teachers for themselves because they have an itch to hear what they want to hear.
They will turn away from hearing the truth and will turn aside to myths.
But as for you, exercise self-control in everything,
endure hardship, do the work of an evangelist, fulfill your ministry.
"
Jesus Christ is The Way that is meant by God for all of us - both adults and children.

In a world of competition a lot of things are expected from people
    and a lot of those expectations are way too heavy a burden for every human to carry.
So while some are working hard to produce things necessary to sustain life of the flesh
	others are using it to produce works of fiction that entertain those who work hard;
        meanwhile others are warring and using resources to live in luxury.
What is meant by saying we must become Children of God, followers of Truth,
	is that we must stop competing and start cooperating.
God's plan is that we all first become Kings and Priests of One True God
	and then we can bring "the glory of the Kings Of the Earth" into His Kingdom, into His Holy City.

Some will say that God does not exist, and that is is a fairy-tale - sadly,
they are not willing to believe,
that there is Life after Death of The Flesh,
they are not willing to study Word of Christ.

Let's all be encouraged to Live by The Word Of Jesus Christ
- he is the only one who can unite humanity,
	because he is True, he is not telling any lies:
	he came to divide us into our own private spaces here on earth.

When the world is following the scheme of
	"survival of the fittest' it proves itself to be blind.
Why? Because those who are less fit are not against those who are fitter
While survival while peaceful life on earth is possible.
    Yet humans are proud, not willing admit their faults and weaknesses neither ask for help.

    1PE 5 5: All of you, clothe yourselves with humility toward one another, because, "God opposes the proud but gives grace to the humble."

All the human laws that are meant to set boundaries were thought necessary,
	because humans are encouraged to expand, to fight, to dominate, to show our greatness
	- therefore limitations in human law were implemented
	- because humans are influenced by the worldly desires and humans do not trust each other.
	And nations that dare to call themselves 'great' prove it.

	In addition humans are made in the image of one who lives in eternity,
    	and the only way to reach eternal life is through Jesus Christ.
    	To die for Him is to be born again.
    Humans prefer to kill others than die for Christ because they are attached to worldy things.

In the world to come, where everyone is a follower of Truth,
- those regulations and laws will not make sense neither are neccessary,
- because the pace of life is not dictated by competing parties
- like nowadays to outpace competition and not stay behind.
All deals will be fair - because generosity will be the way of life in Jesus Christ.
And everyone is given a chance to participate and contribute to the community.
Without Love, Mercy, Forgiveness and Truth we are spending resources on fighting,
        competing and sustaining constant race with no time to reevaluate the inheritance that previous generations had left us to deal with.

Let's remember, Kings of all Nations are welcome in the Kingdom of God Who is Love.
One may ask: why is then God allowing humans to be in this miserable condition for so long?
First, it is not so long, considering God exists in eternity and sustains this universe.

While we cannot comprehend God, we could perform an exercise of thought by answering following questions and considering following scenario:
- to make this scenario somehow possible - let's take into account that God said through Holy Spirit of Truth that:
He is Almighty, He is Lightness and Consuming Fire and He created this universe with His Word, and His Hand, His Power (before it was in His mind as a thought)
ISA 66
1 This is what the LORD says: "Heaven is my throne, and the earth is my footstool.
 Could you ever build me a temple as good as that? Could you build a dwelling place for me?
2 My hands have made both heaven and earth, and they are mine. I, the LORD, have spoken!
"I will bless those who have humble and contrite hearts, who tremble at my word.

- so this universe came out of His mouth - as a waveform - and was shaped by His Power, by his Hand -

- remember that we are created in God's image: we "create" this world also with the words out of our mouths and with our hands-
- suppose - for the sake of thought exercise that: - after you have been resurrected to eternal life with God and Christ and all God's servants
- you are given power - to create universe, sustain it, and observe it -
- if that is too much - let's say you, as an eternal spirit - are given the power over one earth-like planet

- the question is: would you reveal yourself completely to those whom you have created? -
- would it not spoil the whole plan of creation of the world filled with beings created in your image (yet mortal and faulty)?
- also, let's add that you would have the power to take souls into eternity -
- remember that God is Almighty, Jealous, and hates Sin (sin leads to destruction of His creation)
- he created us in His image and He has the power to take us out of this world into eternity where He - The Almighty Spirit of Love - exists
- once you take all those things into consideration - the plan to save those who believe is Jesus Christ,
    indeed is an act of love by someone who could have just started all over with another universe
    - instead God decided to love the world and save it by sending His Only Begotten Son
    - His is Love - he gives us the chance to participate with him in eternity even though,
        since first humans roamed the earth, many of them turned away from good God and started killing each other out of jealousy.
 - this universe is the creation of God who is Ideal, Holy (Faultless) and Almighty and exists in eternity
 - it is an act Of Love - that he cares for his creation and he saved it through Jesus Christ
 - who was with Him from the Beginning;
 where there previous universes/worlds? - that we do not know - yet we were told that there will be next world - new heaven and new earth.

 REV 21
1 Then I saw a new heaven and a new earth; for the first heaven and the first earth passed away, and there is no longer any sea.
2 And I saw the holy city, new Jerusalem, coming down out of heaven from God, made ready as a bride adorned for her husband.
3 And I heard a loud voice from the throne, saying, "Behold, the temple (tent) of God is among men,
        and He will dwell among them, and they shall be His people, and God Himself will be among them,
4 and He will wipe away every tear from their eyes; and there will no longer be any death; there will no longer be any mourning, or crying, or pain; the first things have passed away."
5 And He who sits on the throne said, "Behold, I am making all things new." And He said, "Write, for these words are faithful and true."
6 Then He said to me, "It is done. I am the Alpha and the Omega, the beginning and the end. I will give to the one who thirsts from the spring of the water of life without cost.
7 "He who overcomes will inherit these things, and I will be his God and he will be My son.

Many of those expectations towards you, and everyone,
were shaped along the course of history of human civilization which is still in the process of understanding itself completely.
Despite modern inventions of technology,
    human thought seems to be not yet fully-developed and its inventions are being used for financial gain, destroy and to out-compete.

Why are we here and how are we to resolve conflicts to coexist
        despite all the differences in languages, culture and customs?

Those questions still await answers that are not so obvious,
    considering Human History and Condition.
Those questions, are answered in The Word written under influence of The Holy Spirit of Truth
        over hundreds of years since Abraham until Jesus Christ and His Disciples.
Once you study the Word of God, you will be grateful not only for eternity yet also during your lifetime here
- because even though it will take time to study it will teach you to receive blessings that prolong life of flesh too (not only soul),
            even though they worth nothing comparing life in eternity.
* that is Peace Of Jesus Christ (you will not worry nor be anxious - gradually all emotions will be completely under control)
* complete Joy - in the Holy Spirit (which comes from God and Jesus Christ)
* abundance - you will be able to share wealth and enjoy wealth shared with you by others.
In addition to that any request you may have, in the name of Jesus Christ, will be heard be God Almighty.

GAL 5 22-23:
the fruit of the Holy Spirit is love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, generosity, faithfulness, gentleness, self-control. Against such there is no law.

Humans shall grow beyond our doubts and weaknesses.
The world that awaits us is beyond human imagination of one who lives in fear and under oppression.
That is why The Truth is revealed step by step to those who persist in following Christ and remain in His word.
The Sword of The Truth cleanses the heart and makes it humble, Christ-like.

HEB 4 12: For the word of God is living and active. Sharper than any double--edged sword,
it penetrates even to dividing soul and spirit, joints and marrow; it judges the thoughts and attitudes of the heart.

People are fighting to survive, while they could be sharing wealth to prosper.
They are fighting for their rights, while they should be fighting for others to see the Love of God in Jesus Christ.

If you were hurt and you find it difficult to forgive and have no faith in doing good work,
    neither sharing good news - come to Jesus Christ and trust Him to heal you; it might take time to study His word.
Yet once your faith is strengthened and your believe in God and Jesus Christ reaffirmed by prayer you will become a new being - a child of God.
So, please, be encouraged to shed your old skin of ignorance, sarcasm and irony and trust in Jesus Christ.
He is the Good Shepherd who cares for all who come to Him and believe in Him and remain in His Word.

It is the word of Jesus Christ that is the Word of God who created The Universe which gives eternal life.
It is the word of Jesus Christ that can improve human condition.
It is the word of Jesus Christ that makes you clean and prepares you to receive the Holy Spirit
                which brings life to flesh and joy of hope of eternal life for the soul.
It is the word of Jesus Christ that all humans will live by in The True Kingdom Of Love when they all are united in Truth.

Let our confidence be in Jesus Christ and His Word.

Let's raise our hands in worship and in prayer for the courage
    for all people to be living life in Forgiveness and Truth.
Because there is no Truth without forgiveness.

Let's start giving good example of True Wisdom which is to be found in Jesus Christ.
"
(Let's) seek first the kingdom of God and his righteousness (which was fulfilled in the Year Of Mercy Of The Lord), and all these things (we need) will be provided for us.
Therefore don’t worry about tomorrow, because tomorrow will worry about itself. Each day has enough trouble of its own.
"
EPH 4:29
No foul language should come from your mouth, but only what is good for building up someone in need, so that it gives grace to those who hear.

PHI 2
1 If you have any encouragement from being united with Christ, if any comfort from his love, if any fellowship with the Spirit, if any tenderness and compassion,
2 then make my joy complete by being like-minded, having the same love, being one in spirit and purpose.
3 Do nothing out of selfish ambition or vain conceit, but in humility consider others better than yourselves.
4 Each of you should look not only to your own interests, but also to the interests of others.
5 Your attitude should be the same as that of Christ Jesus:
6 Who, being in very nature God, did not consider equality with God something to be grasped,
7 but made himself nothing, taking the very nature of a servant, being made in human likeness.
8 And being found in appearance as a man, he humbled himself and became obedient to death--even death on a cross!
9 Therefore God exalted him to the highest place and gave him the name that is above every name,
10 that at the name of Jesus every knee should bow, in heaven and on earth and under the earth,
11 and every tongue confess that Jesus Christ is Lord, to the glory of God the Father.

Let's all become inheritors of Complete Joy, Abundance and Peace of Jesus Christ in the Kingdom of Almighty and Merciful God Who is Love.
The grace of the Lord Jesus be with everyone. Amen.
